ABSOLUTE Solve absolute orientation
ART  Factorize camera matrix into intrinsic and extrinsic matrices
ASSERT signal the failure of the condition s
AUTOCAL Computes intrinsic parameters with autocalibration
CALIBZ Camera calibration from 2D-2D correspondences in many views
CAMERA Build a camera matrix
DRAW_LINES Draw lines in cartesian form 
EPIPOLE Extract the left epipole from a fundamental matrix
EREC Computes a Euclidean reconstruction (motion only) 
EUL Returns a rotation matrix from the Euler angles
EXTERIOR Solve exterior orientation
FLIN1 Find lines in an image with Hough transform.
FM Computes fundametal matrix from point correspondence
FUND Computes fundamental matrix and epipoles from camera matrices
HM Computes homography from point correspondences (2D or 3D).
HORN Solve relative orientation with Horn's algorithm.
HOUGH Compute 2D Hough tansform
ICP Iterative Closet Point algorithm.
IEUL compute Euler angles (yaw,pitch,roll) given a rotation matrix 
IKAN Computes the axis and angle of a rotation matrix
IMHS Extracts salient points with Harris&Stephens' algorithm 
IMSTEREO Stereo block-matching with sum of squared differences
IMWARP Warp image with an homography
INTERSECT  Reconstructs 3D structure by triangulation
IQUAT calcola la matrice di rotazione dato il quaternione.
ISMPP indica se una matrice e' una matrice di proiezione
ISROT funzione che indica se la matrice e' una
IVEC crea una matrice raggruppondo gli elemente del
KAN calcola la matrice di rotazione di un certo angolo
LHMATCH match two sets of points 
LOWE solve exterior orientation with Lowe's algorithm
MRMSE Multiple view RMSE
NS Solve the null-space problem A*v=0 
PARCAM Extract parameters from camera matrix
PLOTREF plot a reference frame with the specified color and scale
PLOTSEG plot a segment tranformed according to T
PLR Compute polar decomposition
PREC compute a projective reconstruction (structure and motion)
PRECOND Normalize the coordinates of a point set (2D or 3D). 
PROJ  calcola una trasformazione prospettica (dalle coordinate
PT applica una trasformazione proiettiva 2D o 3D.
QUAT Calcola il quaternione corrispondente ad una
RECTIFY calcola le matrici di retificazione di due immagini.
RESECT Camera resection (calibration) from 2D-3D point correspondences
RIGID applica una trasformazione rigida.
RMSE    Standard deviation.
SR calcola la fattorizzazione SR della matrice essenziale
STAR Return the skew-symmetric matrix X s.t. cross(x,y) = X*y
TM calcola la matrice trifocale da corrispondenze
TRIF calcola la matrice trifocale a partire dalle matrici 
